
 "dreams are those who forsaken", by replay


 presented at tp2k - back to the roots - on 27th to 29th of december.


 it was produced on a p200mmx, so if you have a similar machine, this could
 work. on the other hand; when i was finnished with the intro, i purchased
 a new computer, so now i can watch it run smooth.
 all you need should be some portion of mmx, sound and a graphicscard which
 support 400x300 (which i've found more common than i thought). if your
 graphicscard doesn't support 400x300 you will still be able to watch it
 in a window. watching in a window. please minimize your desktop resulotion.
 if your card do support 400x300, but still want to see this intro, in a
 window; then you can press SPACE to switch mode. you may also switch back
 by pressing the very same key - SPACE.


 i would like to say hello to people who might read this, but i do not think
 i will. this is because i usually forget people and groups, and therefor
 they get to annoy me on irc because they get disappointed. it is really nice
 to be greeted by people, but still, you should not beg for it. so now, i
 will not greet anyone.
 on the other hand, i would like to say thanks to some special people:

         "tack s† mycket"

 and that's about it.


 if you ever find these 40960 bytes amusing or annoying, or have any comment
 what so ever about it; do not hesitate to give me a call at +46704145664,
 or send me an email to whisker@home.se. please choose email before phone.
 if you do call and do not have anything special to say, or can not speak
 so that i will understand; then do not get disappointed if you find me rude.
 if you do not think you fit that description being a pointless person, and
 still find me rude, then please do not harass me, but send an email instead.


 one might wonder why this intro is 40960 instead of 65536 which is the limit
 for the competition in which this intro competed. this is why:

     last year, i made an amiga intro for tp 1999. the intro ended up being
     about 64k. i entered the intro, and felt good. later at the party, i
     was woken up by people saying that the intro was too big. soon it hit me
     the party usually helds 40k amiga intro compos.
     oh darn, i said to myself. and entered it as a demo.
     anyway. this year i thought, funny as i am, that i would make the pc
     intro 40k instead. so i did.

 reason enough? i don't know. it was just some stupid idea.


 thank you for now. i hope you will like this little intro, which i hope will
 please someone.


 .whisker of replay.
