
                                   kinderpainter

                    a fast 4k intro by rgba (http://www.rgba.org)
 
                             presented at bcn party 110

                                        2006


  classical bla bla bla::

  yet another fucking brute force Whitted raytracing 4k intro??? yes. 

  this is a quick experiment with pixel shaders 3.0. basically it's a  software rendering
 intro where a single glRects() is called per frame  in the host machine (the pc) and the
 image is then calculated by a shader in the gpu.  this means, problems problems and more
 problems to watch it, especially with the crappy drivers of a graphics card manufacturer 
 (and it's not ATI, so gess).and of course i tested the shader code against 3DLabs's glsl 
 Syntax Validator and it passed the test. so, what else can I do?
 
  if your graphics card is only shaders 2.0 capable,(like mine) the driver will switch to
 software  rendering.  this could make you think the intro crashed.  but if you wait long
 enought you will see a slideshow.  funny thing is that the intro is so short (64 second)
 that it finalizes before the first image gets rendered. and yes,i removed the "software"
 string interception code to save some bytes, so you are warned.
 
  what else.  yeah, i once said i was not going to make 4k's any more, and here i am. may
 be you are like me, and you think that the only reason to do fast-4k-intro coding is the
 lack of time to make a 64k demo. well, this was the case indeed. let's hope i don't have
 to do it again.

  ah, sorry for the "music",tracking is not my strong point (this helped the compression)
 and i just spent one our of milkytracking anyway.

  i hope this intro is illegalized some day.


 
  credits::

  .iq                            ::   code + kind-of-mzk   ::  [http://www.rgba.org/iq] 

  .Blueberry/Loonies, Mentor/TBC :: crinkler exe compressor::  [http://www.crinkler.net]

  .




  well, i have to paint the walls now. 


