            컴 컴컴 컴컴컴 SOME INFO ON JAMM 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴컴 컴 
  컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 

 This file contains information about who we are and why??
 So if you have any intrest, just read this doc.

 Jamm is a finnish group founded in 199?.
 In our previous intro we had one 'm' less in our name,but after
 hearing that there has been C64 group called Jam for a long time
 we thought it would be vise to change our name.

 Jamm consists of:

        GALVADOS        Janne Hellsten          code
        RUBBER SQUARE   Atte Kotiranta          code
        CRIMAN          Sami Nieminen           graphics/design
        MORDICUS        Mikko Tanni             music


  컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 
        ABOUT THIS INTRO
        ----------------
 This intro requires a 80386 machine, 100% compatible VGA card and
 Gravis Ultrasound with 256kb RAM to hear the music. Altough the intro uses
 some 386 instructions, it still runs in real-mode. Intro should run
 perfectly whether there's QEMM/EMM installed or not, albeit a little slower.
 It requires about 300 kb of conventional memory.

 This product can be distributed freely as long as no payment is taken.
 All the files in the following list must be present in the archive and
 none of them shall be modified in any way.

 Files in the package:
   PAULA.EXE
   FILE_ID.DIZ
   JAMM.TXT


 This intro, "Paula Faked" was made to compete in the Abduction party
 held in Rovaniemi 1994. We began doing this intro five days before
 the party so we had unbearable hurry but hopefully the time was not
 wasted. The end of the intro lacks design because of the great
 stress that took us all at the final days.

 credits for this intro are as follows:

        all coding              GALVADOS
        music                   MORDICUS
        graphics                CRIMAN
        design                  GALVADOS & CRIMAN

  컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 

 To get our latest releases and other cool stuff, call:

 BUBIBOX SBBS   +358-14-720223 (24h)    ---> 24800 bps

 Messages to Janne Hellsten.

   You can also throw some mail to   ..or fax to      
     Sami Nieminen                                    
     S꼛kilammintie 109              +358-16-56625    
     31600 Jokioinen                                  
     FINLAND                                          

  컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 
