
 *** C3000

 It's hard to write the invitation of a party that is organized for the
 first time. We could  have referred to our party's glorious  past, but
 this time it will be missing, although all of us have organized larger
 parties before. Right now, let's talk about  the future instead of the
 past: read through the  invitation and you'll see that it'll  be worth
 coming to Debrecen (Hungary) for 3 days to the Conference 3000 party.

 Our aim  is  to surprise  the creative  young  people who  are[Image]
 interested in computer arts  with a very exciting,  scene- and
 _definitely_ not game-  oriented party and competition.  Unfortunately
 there are fewer and  fewer occasions like this nowadays. At  last we'd
 like to see a  party where there are not just hardcore  gamelamers who
 play deathmatch on the net for 3 days... :))

 We gonna do everything to make you  feel good here. Your happy stay is
 guaranteed not only by  the high-tech partyplace (see below)  but also
 by our previous experience  in organizing. But the success of  a party
 depends on the participants too, so we  kindly ask you to show us what
 you can  do and  increase the level  of the  contests with better  and
 better works: please support the party with your entries.

 ::::| COORDINATES

 1999. 11.  12-13-14.  (Friday 4PM  -  Sunday 10AM),  Kassai St.  26.,
 Debrecen, Hungary. You won't  have trouble with recognizing  the place
 as we have hidden some pictures about  the building on this page... :)
 Getting there is easy too: you get on the trolley bus Nr.2 in front of
 the railway station. Hint:  trolley buses use power lines,  so finding
 them is easy! :))))

 ::::| THE PARTY

 The party is gonna take place in  Debrecen, in a place called Lovarda,
 which  is the  largest  university  entertainment  centre  in  Eastern
 Europe. It has  been built  recently with an  investment of about  500
 million HUF.  From  outside, the  building looks  just  like a  stable
 (during the cold war,  the Russian army kept horses there)  but inside
 it's extremely well-equipped,  so don't  bring fodder for the  horses!
 :))) And before you'd start panic we inform you that you won't have to
 sleep in a straw-stack... :))

 [Image]The plug-ins of the building:
        ---------------------------------------------------------------
 o 3200m2 partyplace
 o Professional projector
 o 14000W sound system
 o Disco lights (laser + stroboscope + everything you need :))) (we
 hope it's finished in time)
 o Non-stop internet for everyone (finally not dial-up)
 o Comfortable sleeping room (bring your bag!)
 o Pool tables
 o Pub
 o Clean bathrooms and toilets
 o Showers
 o Partybus for the people coming from Budapest with the Intercity
 train
 o ...and much more...

 The party will be  in the multi-function concert hall of  the building
 which has a large stage  at the end. On the dance floor there'll  be a
 lot of table and chair to put  your stuff on. The big screen is on the
 wall behind the stage.  That's where we are gonna show the  movies and
 the compo-stuff,  so  everybody's  gonna see  it  even if  he  doesn't
 wanna... :)) The studio  is in front of the stage on the  first floor.
 Around the  dance  floor  there's a  two-stories  high gallery  so  if
 there's not  enough  place, you  can  put your  PC's there,  too.  The
 gallery is similar to the one at  the Almássy square Leisure Centre in
 Budapest. (You may  know that from  the parties "Contest", "Rage"  and
 "Scenest".)

 Because of the specifications of the partyplace  we kindly ask you not
 to bring  your billion-watt  speakers, cos  1: we  always hated  them,
 except our  own  ones...  :) 2:  the  party is  not for  sonic  weapon
 tests... :) 3: At  the main area there'll be movies shown  and perhaps
 other programs will take  place too, and you're gonna have to  move if
 you make too much  noise. 4. Not to  mention that you stand  no chance
 against our sound system... :)

 Unfortunately the hot meal on Saturday  can't be arranged, because the
 restaurant part of the building wasn't finished  in time. But don't be
 sad, next year you  can eat there! :)  This time, you can only  eat in
 the buffet, which has quite reasonable prices.

 If you  bring some  net cable,  you'll have  a fantastic time:  you're
 gonna have   non-stop Internet  access for  3  days! We  well use  the
 university network,  so there won't  be any  messing with the  dial-up
 modem! At  the  first  round we  can  provide 40  IP numbers,  but  if
 necessary, we can give you even more.

 Talking about  cables: let  us mention  the slogan  of slogans: bring
 adapteeeeeers too, or else it'll be an  unplugged party... Even if you
 don't bring your PC,  bring your adapter! :) We're also  expecting our
 stolen adapters back... :))

 If you can bear it no longer  and you'd like to sleep, a sleeping room
 is available for you.  It'll do good if  you bring your sleeping  bag,
 blanket,  polifoam  matress,  pillow,  boyfriend/girlfriend  (whatever
 makes your sleep more  comfortable :))) or else you'll catch  a chill.
 You'll be able  to have a  shower too. We  are gonna shoot people  who
 don't wanna have a  shower with large water cannons cos we  don't like
 smelly people... :))

 And  finally, if  you're  fed  up  with  the  machines: head  to  the
 brasserie/pub or shoot some pool...

 We are  having some talks  about sending a  party  bus to the  railway
 station to fetch  the people coming  from Budapest with the  Intercity
 trains! More details soon!

 We kindly ask everyone  not to make damage  to the building cos  if we
 catch the  person  then he/she'll  pay for  the loss  or he/she'll  be
 thrown out to the  snow by the securities... :) Since the  building is
 brand new, big  brother's gonna watch ya!  :) The realvideo server  is
 already set up in the ladies' shower... =)

 It is forbidden  to bring alcoholic drinks,  weapons and drugs to  the
 partyplace. Drunk  people will  be thrown  out. Smoking  will only  be
 allowed at  marked places.  We don't  take responsibility for  illegal
 software that have been carried in.

 Take care of  your stuff carefully,  cos unfortunately there are  some
 "kind" people who like  to collect everything... If you  catch someone
 red handed, just call the securities and they're gonna kick his ass!

 If you have  any problems, notices, questions,  just tell them one  of
 the organizers. we are all gonna be there for your pleasure.

 ::::| COMPETITIONS
                                                               [Image]
 Of course, a party is not a party without compos, and we have [Image]
 lots of  categories  to  compete in!  Please  read  the rules [Image]
 carefully not to be surprised at the last moment.             [Image]

 Because of  the usual  low arrival there  won't be  any C64 and  Amiga
 compos. There will be only PC compos in the following categories:

 Demo
 o maximal size 8192k
 o esc: exit
 o no writing on hard disk
 o can contain animation

 64k Intro
 o maximal size 65536 byte
 o esc: exit
 o no writing on hard disk

 4k Intro
 o maximal size 4096 byte
 o esc: exit
 o no writing on hard disk

 Trace Gfx
 o enter your ray-traced 3D pics here
 o max. resolution 800x600
 o any colour depth
 o "ashtray" and "my room" is banned :)

 Truecolor Gfx
 o non-pixelled graphics go here
 o max. resolution 800x600
 o any colour depth
 o scanner allowed

 Pixel Gfx
 o only pixelled graphics here
 o max. resolution 640x480
 o max. number of colours: 256
 o scans banned
 o please provide work phases

 Web Design
 o for design freaks
 o theme is not important but the looks!
 o can contain java applets and flash animations
 o no url is accepted, bring your entry on a disk
 o presentation: netscape 4.5, or ie 5.0 (the designer presents it)

 Muzik
 o for tracker musicians
 o max. filesize: 1024k
 o allowed formats: mod, xm, s3m, it
 o mp3: no thanks, we have enough :)
 o we won't spread your tunes in mp3 after the compos, if you can't
 accept this, don't compete
 o do your best please because we are gonna be strict against lame
 music
 o only one music per musician
 o max. 15 tunes are presented to the party people
 o presentation time: 3 minutes

 Wild Demo
 o we are expecting video clips and demos that don't fit the original
 demo category here
 o maximal size: 1 cd :)))
 o max. presentation time: 15-20 minutes (if we are not bored)
 o lame stuff are banned

 Fun Demo
 o maximal size: 100mb
 o humorous cartoons preferred
 o the prejury will be strict

 Perhaps we'll have categories like these, too:-
 o 30minute Gfx for hardcore graphicians :)

 General rules: There's no additional entry fee,  in fact it's the disk
 you give us  with your  entry. If you  bring a virus  on it you'll  be
 disqualified. Beside  viruses please  leave out  things that may  hurt
 people. Don't  forget to check  the floppies  because they are  always
 full of  bad sectors.  If your stuff  is bigger  than four disks  we'd
 dather you brought it on a hard disk. A file_id.diz is required beside
 each entry,  containing your  name, the  title of  your stuff and  the
 category you wanna run it in. If  you want to say something important,
 just write it into a file callad "organize.txt". Also, don't forget to
 label the disk and hopefully it won't be lost... :) Thanks!

 Time of the competitions:  Because we don't have many  categories, the
 compos will be held  in one part. We start the competitions at  8PM on
 Saturday with the graphics.

 Entry deadline:
 Demo, intro: the  beginning of  the compos; everything else:  Saturday
 12AM.

 The compo machine:
 A Packard Bell  with 366MHz  (on 450Mhz) with  96MB RAM. The  graphics
 card will probably  be a 3D card,  and we'll have a  GUS PnP or an  SB
 Live for making noise.

 Voting method:
 With oldskool voting sheet. With the ticket  you will get a sheet, and
 you give it to  us at the end  of the compos. Cheating is  a very-very
 bad thing! :)

 ::::| THE ENTRY FEE

 The entry fee is 600HUF for boys for 3 days. Girls (who prove they are
 girls by  undressing  at the  entrance :))))))  will  get  in free  of
 course. Single day tickets won't be available.

 ::::| ORGANIZERS
                                                               [Image]
 Here's the official  Conference  3000 mailing address.  If you
 write an e-mail, all  the organizers will receive it. If you  have any
 questions, any  doubt,  any  suggestions, pick  up the  keyboard  now!
 o c3000@fornax.math.klte.hu

 If you like only one person :):
 o [Chris] tothk@dragon.klte.hu
 o [Cola/MPL] cola@elender.hu
 o [Fandi] fgergely@dragon.klte.hu
 o [HP/MPL] hamzap@dragon.klte.hu
 o [LiPPi/MPL] lippaizs@dragon.klte.hu
 o [thA^mAAd/303] maad@scene-hu.com
 o [Szati/GSM] szati@dragon.klte.hu
 o [Trajic/RIM] turcsat@dragon.klte.hu
 o [WarYou/NBD] stefanj@dragon.klte.hu

 Phone
 o Szati [Szatmári Tamás] (20) 9836-184
 o HP [Hamza Péter] (20) 337-4297
 o Cola [Balku Bálint] (52) 427-376

 ::::| FINAL WORDS

 Byebye, and come to  Conference 3000 with your friends! You  are gonna
 have a  good time! If  you want to  know the  freshest news about  the
 party,  bookmark  this  page,  and  visit  often!  Oh,  btw  come  to
 Scenest-Rage'99 at Budapest, because you'll surely find us there, too!

 // V3.00! [99.09.08] - (c)1999, Conference 3OOO Organizing
 // Design: HP (Alien Workshop feeling :))
