			       X-SYSTEM V2.0+
			    (c)TLOTB 1996,97,98

-Legal Stuff.

Xsystem is property of TLOTB, TLOTB means The Lords of the bits.
All trademarks are copyright by their own respective owners.
We don't get any responsability for the use or missuse of this code,
damages, system failures,Fat disasters,etc... but if you get one prize
with the lotery... sure this is for our code.

	       All the code is written by:
Astharoth Aka: Victor Jurado and Cranky Aka: Pedro Gimeno.


-What is XSYSTEM?

Xsystem is a powerful programming library to get all the power of the machine
without more complexity. All are coded in 100% fast 32bits assembly code for
speed and size, and have new technologies over other DOS based libraries.

-Why i have a file called XSYSTEM.CFG?

The Xsystem isn't only a collection of routines, Xsystem have a library
initializer , when you run one program coded using Xsystem, the Xsystem
will identificate each Hardware needed on you PC and try to do all the things
in the best way (the faster). In some cases the system will not get the best
results, in that case i encourage you to use the XSYSTEM.EXE program to get
more speed or simply to correct some possible incompatibility with your
hardware (EX: some svga's Cirrus Logic doesn't support linear frame buffer,
and is possible what Xsystem try to do it).

-Using the XSYSTEM.EXE tool:

Well, this is a brief description to every option included in this tool... is
possible what you don't understand all as well, but i don't want tell you a
programming class ;)

VGS options: This is related to the Video Graphics System built in the Xsystem.

*Wait for vertical Blanking: when this option is set to yes, the VGS get the
 syncro with the monitor (you gets animations more smooth) but try it only
 if you have a faster PC or you have any problem or interference in the
 screen during the application.

*Use Linear Frame Buffer: when this option is yes, the VGS try to initialize
 the graphics mode as linear buffer (not a window), in that case the system
 will get access to all the video memory for use (and increase the speed of
 the graphics output).
 Some video cards such as some models of Cirrus Logic, can't enable Linear
 Frame Buffer if the PC have more of 14Mb of RAM memory installed.
 This is the reason i gave you this option, if the aplication doesn't run
 try do set this to NO.

*Use Video Memory: if yes, the system try to use the video memory to store
 the virtual screen. The default is yes, but if you have a graphics card
 without any type of Hardware Acceleration, is more possible what turn this
 to no,you'll get more speed on graphics.

AGD options: this is related to Advanced Graphical Device built in on VGS.

*Use Hardware Acceleration: the default is yes, only change this if you
 encounter any problem in the application (the image appears buggy,etc)
 This is supported because some cards doesn't support Hardware BITBLT or
 Start Address, Hardware Clipping,etc in some modes.
 Ex: my ViRGE /DX doesn't support Hardware BITBLT in 320x??? modes with 256
 colours as well (the colour palette is bugged).
 That's is a big problem, cos the manufacturers doesn't publish any
 information about their graphics chips. In the case of S3 Incorporated, this
 is a terrible way.
 All the cards supported by me, are supported before mostly hours
 doing experiments with some video cards.
 If your card doesn't support this, don't blame me! just give me your card
 and if possible to do, in the new version sure i support it.

*Support Low resolution modes: in many cases the cards doesn't support
 modes such as 320x240, 320x400,etc.. we have implemented it inside the
 system with other new modes developed by us, like a Amiga resolution
 clone 320x256 ;) but, is possible what this modes can't run in some cards.
 If you set this to no, the system deactive this modes, and will try to use
 some standart mode for graphics output.


VSO options: this is relate to Virtual Sound System.

*Use SB instead AWE device: the default is NO, but the AWE player (in native
 mode using the EMU8000 chip) is under development, if you have an AWE32 or 64
 and the music or fx sounds crappy or doesn't sound, set this to YES, and the
 VSO will use a SB16 compatible player for your AWE card (minus quality but
 sounds). Other reason for set this to YES, is if you AWE doesn't have any
 RAM to store the samples.

*Disable Sound: this is the last chance to run a program coded using Xsystem
 if your sound card isn't compatible with Sound Blaster or Gravis Ultrasound
 Set this to YES clears any sound produced by the program (you don't get any
 music or fx, but you can see the program).



!!!!!NOT FINISHED, DEVELOPMENT STOPPED, MOVED TO WINDOWS ARGH!!!!!!!!!!!!




