Fiat Homo - A Traction experience in 64k for Assembly'05

Intro credits:
--------------
  -Code, Concept, Design   - Martti "Preacher" Nurmikari
  -Music                   - Jukka "Grip" Älli
  -Bitmaps                 - Erkka "Kofeiini" Pynnönen
  -Additional code tidbits - Mikko "Vulture" Leppänen
  
  and with a little help from
  
  -tinyfmod sound system      - Brett "Firelight" Paterson
  -kkrunchy executable packer - Fabian "Ryg" Giesen
  
  Big thanks to you, this intro wouldn't exist without you.

Intro requirements:
-------------------
  Windows, OpenGL.

  Should run on just about anything. It does consume fillrate
  though, I decided not to limit myself by keeping the amount
  of rendered things in check (ie. I was too lazy to optimize ;))
  Runs flawlessy on my amd64 3000+/x600... 

  It looks a bit different on different resolutions, due to
  OpenGL's way of handling point and line sizes and my inherent
  laziness. I made it in 1024x768.

  Also, organizers, please do not use the spooky mode ;)

The greetings:
--------------
  For the second time in recorded Traction history, they're in 
  the actual production! Watch it =)

Flames and fan mail:
--------------------
  Preacher - mnurmika@cc.hut.fi
  Kofeiini - erkka.pynnonen@gmail.com
  Grip     - grip@jippii.fi

  #traction @ IRCNet
 
Babble:
-------
  So, here it is. My first ever 64k intro.. but definitely not
  the last. Of all the demoscene related projects I've ever done, 
  this has definitely been one of my favourites. No engine, no API,
  just a sandbox of code to play around in. And hey, I got to make
  my first ever Windows dialog :)
  
  Conceptually it is very close to what I imagined when I first got
  the inspiration for it, only one fundamental thing has been changed. 
  Originally it was supposed to be, aside from being a nice show, a 
  comment towards a political movement called Intelligent Design which 
  seeks to replace the teaching of Darwin's Theory of Evolution in schools 
  with a theistic view that "someone" has designed us. But unfortunately 
  the 2001 nspired monolith fit the intro so well (in my opinion) that 
  what started as a joke, was left in the intro and thus defeats the
  pro-science point I wanted to make. But oh well.. at least the idea
  of a manifestation of cosmic consciousness helping us to evolve into 
  next level is amusing in the science fiction-sense. 
  
  Expect a "making of"-article in the next issue of Pain, complete 
  with the full source code.
  
  Hope you like it.
    
  	-Preacher
	
  P.S. I know the name will probably cause amusement among the less
  literate party visitors, but for the Latin challenged, it translates into
  "let there be man", in the biblical sense, and has nothing to do with people 
  who like to tune their cars ;)


