
 M U P S :: G.O.L.D.E.N  S.H.O.W.E.R :: a 4k 4 40+ and older ppl.
 
 Welcome ladies and gentlenerds!
 its been almost 6 years since our last Huge Great Big MegaDemo !!!
 So, our new coder ... well new, hes 'used'.. so not really new ;x

 Anywaayz! our new Coderella called Fra[MUPS] has been coding since 1870..
 and has been telling me for years now, The new big huge great MEGADEMO(tm) is comming!!!
 Omg! THATS almost as exciting as the second comming of mother Jesus!!
 
 So like 3 years ago i asked him, when is it done? and he said.. When its done!! omg ;x
 
 Well.. all u ppl understand the process of creating a MEGADEMO(tm) is hard hard work!
 
 so around 1920, Fra[MUPS] showed me off some cool fractalbump flap flap mapping on his Eniac
 and i was like ... (yes i actually looked like 3 little dots back then)
 
 around 1940 he took a little break to conquer the rest of europa and whooops!!!
 I am not supposed to talk about that anymore ;x so forget it
 
 around 1967 he showed me off the world's first rotozoomed dumbmapped precalculation-table,
 and i bought him some chairs to match it. it was a great time. But still we didnt know how
 to show it to the world.
 
 Then in 1985 a huge mayor breakthru came in the form of a spherical mapped square-triangle emulator,
 which enabled us to do even less, and we deceided the scene wasnt ready for our fx yet.
 
 So we Quitted scene!!! Just kiddin.. we took a break in MUPS...
 and deceided to return to scene in 1999. The year of the Golden Monkey.
 But Fra[MUPS] was too busy with directing episodes of BUFFY the fat ham-pire chiller.
 (a show that later would be RIPPED off by a big company we wont mention FOX FOX FOX FOXXXXX!!!)

 In the meantime, Silvia[MUPS] coded a mini megademo called "THE DEMO" for psx 1, 
 s0r[MUPS] and KiM[MUPS] tried to pre Necrophilliac movies on topsites, and Jan[MUPS]
 tried to figure out how to train circus-animals using a megatrainer and a PDA.

 For some reason our MUATS (Most Ugly Animal Trainer Sceners) division failed miserable.
 We all blamed Jan and hired a new trainer known as:

 "Sexirantes The 4th emperor supervisor of Circus Maximus"

 we just call him SEXI though.

 Years passed on and we fought brave wars against Fservers on Efnet, the decline of scene
 and aging problems (we are from 1870 remember).

 The last thing got solved by taking Daily Facials from Oil and Olaz -u guys will be missed ;(

 BUT THEN!!

 I showed FRA[MUPS] the manuscript he carved in stone in the previous millenium, and reminded
 him of the great MEGADEMO(tm)! I said, look its 2003 now, in 2006 there will be a party
 called EVOKE(tm)! LETS RELEASE IT THERE!! And Fra[MUPS] dug up his Sources. Litterally.. 
 I mean who the hell keeps his HDD's with stolen sources 6 feet under in his backyard??! 
 Ok i remember this other MUPS member saying 'omg im going to code for teh underground!'
 .. he bought a shovel.. and we never seen him again ;x

 Unfortunately, FRA[MUPS] deceided it was time for his little afternoon-nap, and he woke up 3 years
 later, one week for the mighty EVOKE(tm)!!! party..... Would MUPS be able to get this MEGADEMO(tm)
 released? Does the pope smoke DOPE? does JAN[MUPS] feed his twins manboob-milk ??????

 The answer is short and simple: YES.

 So here it is.

 The Long awaited Megademo(tm) from MUPS called:

 GOLDEN SHOWER!

 Featuring 9 scenes of instant depravity and coder porn, Wild Explosive music and Hypnotizing Fish-uals.

 -world firstie things included are:

 - MetaPee
 - Raytraced reflective Testicle fractals
 - Dumbmapping
 - Ambient Concussion rendering
 - Soft Drugs sound system  
   (everytime we asked FRA to code a soft synth he went nuts, so we called it different)

 - Various other Bugs we like to call FX.

 We asked Karl Lagerfeld to do the Design, but all he gave us was weird SUITS ;x wtf is up with that guy.
 totally useless. so NO DESIGN. But that doesnt matter, this MEGADEMO(tm) has epileptic frame flashing 
 with VOTE MUPS-text, we will win anyways. good luck to the competition.

 MUPS MEGADEMO(tm) SYSTEM coded by:  FRA[MUP] & SaI[MUPS]
 Graphical ass-istence:              Karl Lagerfeld & s0r[MUPS]
 Musical Score by:                   ELI[MUPS]
 Extensive Play Testing by:          KIM[MUPS]
 10 liters of Manboobmilk milked by: JAN[MUPS]
 dude commiting suicide coz of this: THAT MUST BE U!

 MUPS (c) 2006 is not affiliated with MUGS MUDS MUXS MUMP3s MUVCDs MUPS2 MUPS3 MUX360S MUWS or MUSS
 these are subdivisions that totally operate on their own and frankly, we dont have a friggin clue
 who their members are.

 s0r signing off and strapping his arm for another needle. PEACE!


 

 
 
 
 
 
 