

&NosferatU.synergy-
        

crash      ::code 	
ravity     ::code
No-XS      ::musix
allodox    ::textures


system requirements
  
  Intel Pentium 3 or AMD Athlon/Duron 
  GeForce 256 or better graphics card
  128 MB ram
  60928 bytes of free diskspace 

(note: This intro has been tested on a GeForce 256, GeForce2 MX and GeForce2 GTS)


general info: 


  Due to a lack of time we weren't able to make the intro compatible with non
  GeForce cards. You can expect a final version of the intro soon, supporting 
  non GeForce cards like the TNT2. The final version will also support
  16bit textures and variable resolution modes.

  This intro was originally meant for sf2k, a party held Driebergen, 
  The Netherlands. We started coding this intro right before sf2k. Unfortunately,
  we ran out of time.
  Therefor, we decided to release this production at Mekka Symposium 2001.

  for windowed mode pass "-win" as an argument. 

  Download the final version @ : http://www.nosferatu.nl 

  for complains email support@netscape.com



&ravity

  Well, crash doesn't want to say anything right now. Anyway, I do have something
  to say.

  This intro was hacked together in a few days, we didn't have a demosys to start with
  so everything had to be coded from scratch.
  I think the development of this intro was a really nice example of nightwork. Just
  one day before Mekka & Symposium No-XS tracked the music for this intro, and while
  the party had already begun crash and me were still working on the effects and the
  synchronisation. You may notice some problems with the synchronisation, because we
  did the synchronisation manually using a set of sync-points.

  Very special thanks to Tim^TBL for getting this intro to the Mekka&Symposium orgo's.

  rand() %15 Greetz

        // note that these are random :)
	{TlighT, ph0x, Balance, JAL, Ventile, Quaezzor, XoDruidCoat, ile, 
	 sagacity, mrc|inq, ZeroVince, Lidy_, Buckshag, tim/tbl, R the R} 


&No-XS

   Gerard Hultink ! (for helping me with the music), 
   Paradox          (I count 20 sweaters!), 
   domage           (we're here in the black porsche), 
   Thomas Mogensen  (took some of your samples :), 
   Jeroen Tel, Seffren and all dutch sceners!






