

                              Info file for TheSnake.

      A worm game for the Internet 256 bytes worm game compo. 
      TheSnake is coded by Zaifrun of Immaculate (Martin Knudsen) in 1997. 

      Warning : This game is only for real worm experts. 
      
      Requirements : 286, VGA, keyboard
      Recommended  : monitor

      The incredible list of features : 
      
      1. Uses a graphical point system show at the buttom of the
         screen. Two color bars indicate the points of both worms.
         Of course you cannot see the bars from start because none of
         them worms got any points. 
      2. Nice color shifting worms (32 colors!)
      3. Border color reflects who got the last point. If none of the
         worms got it, then the border color will be blue. 
      4. Great keyboard checking (even traps ctrl-break). Your worm 
         will never do anything unexpected just because you hit a wrong key.
      5. Each time a worm changes direction, there will appear a  
         pseudo-random white star (a pixel to be honest) on 
         the screen. So the more you move around the more obstacles 
         will appear, thus making the game harder. I just thought
         I would make something different. 
      6. Logical exit function - (hmmm I'm beginning to run out of features)
      7. A completely fantastic........ ah, well just forget it. 


      Controls : 
      
      Player 1 (yellow worm)
      up    : 'w'
      down  : 's'
      left  : 'a'
      right : 'd'
      
      Player 2 (red worm)
      use the arrow keys to control the worm
      
      Escape will quit the game (though not when one worm is dead).
      When one of the worms collide with anything, the game
      will come to a halt until space is pressed. The border color
      will then show which worm got the last point (ie. if yellow
      worm collided the border will be red). 
      
      Enjoy the game!

      See Source for technical details.

      To contact me : Zaifrun@geocities.com


