²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²

     ÜÛÛ²±°
   ÜÛÛß
  Ü°ß  ±     °   ÜÛÜ  °±²ÛÛ Ü±°±Ü  Û ÛÛ          .T.H.E.
  ±°   °     ±  ÜÛßÛÜ   ±   ±ß ßÛ  ²Ûß
  ²    ±²   Ü²  Ûß ß²   °   °±²Ûß  ±           .F.I.R.S.T.
  ±    ß²ÜÛÜÛß  ²±°±²   ±   ±      °
  ßÛÜ   ßÛ Ûß   ²   ±   ²   ßÛÛÛÜ  ±         .E.L.E.M.E.N.T.
   ßÛÛÜ
     ßÛÛÜ           ÜÛ
       ßÛÛÜ     ÜÛÛÛß
          ß²±°±²ß

²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²±°²


                    a 64Kb intro by Spirit New Style

     (some characters in this textfile may display differently under a
      non-MSDOS environment like Windows. Win'95 might crash on this text)


                         þÞ Introduction Ýþ

     "Water" is a 64Kb intro. This means the size of the intro
     must be 65536 bytes or less. There are two versions of this
     intro. One is the 'compo' version, the other is the 'release'
     version. Both versions should be with this text. The difference is
     the compo version uses our own music player which only supports
     GUS/Nosound, the release version uses a music player which supports
     many soundcards, including SB. The compo version is less than 64Kb to
     meet the rules, the release version is almost 200Kb. Love SB :-)

     This intro was released at Assembly '96, the annual computer art
     competition/party held in Helsinki, Finland.


                         þÞ Requirements Ýþ

         Minimum: 386 CPU, VGA, about 320Kb of free memory, MS-DOS, Monitor
     Recommended: Pentium CPU, PCI VGA, MS-DOS, Monitor, GUS
 Not Recommended: Windows 3.11
                  Windows '95 (intro did work in a window!), OS 2 Warp
                  A system that doesn't support Self Modifying Code.


                          þÞ Disclaimer Ýþ

     Running "Water" is at your own risk. We can not be held
     responsable in any way for damages, loss of data or failures
     caused by this intro.


                          þÞ Copyrights Ýþ

       The 64Kb intro "Water" is not freeware.
       You may copy it under the following conditions:
        þ No payment of any kind may be charged for this product or
          any combination of products or services including this
          product without our authorization and official written license.
        þ Commercial use, including industrial manufacturing on any data
          storage media and their distribution without our written
          permission is strictly prohibited.
        þ The program or this text file may not be altered or modified
          without our written permission.
        þ The intro and this text must always be in the same directory
          or packed file. Spreading the intro or this text seperatly is
          strictly prohibited without our written permission.
        þ These rules go for any shape of this intro, including packed
          files, video tape, screen grabs, ftp or any other medium.
        þ Payment may or may not be asked for giving permission.

       You may public show this intro under the following conditions:
        þ No payment of any kind may be charged for the viewing of this
          intro without our written permission.
          Showing this intro at demo-parties however, is allowed.
        þ Broadcasting is only allowed with our written permission.
        þ We hold the right to change those rules on seperate occasions.
        þ Payment may or may not be asked for giving permission.


                            þÞ Credits Ýþ

     Main Design, Main Coding, Backgrounds, Art Direction, Effects, GFX:
                       Magic Boy aka Xander Koninkx

    Design, 3D Engine/Objects, Backgrounds, GUS S3M player, Effects, GFX:
                       The Counsellor aka Hugo Habets

                                Music:
                      Bloody aka Tuukka Paavola


                  þÞ What's really in those 64Kb? Ýþ

     When the intro is executed, first all kinds of precalculations are
     beeing done. Almost everything in this intro is calculated in realtime,
     but some backgrounds and objects are precalculated.

     Then it starts:
      1) A texture wave with glow and introduction texts
      2) A texture wave with crossfade logo as title screen
      3) Simple Object show (reflection mapping)
      4) Transparent Reflection Mapping ("Water" logo)
      5) Fluid simulation (big wave)
      6) Fluid simulation (rain) with 3D morphing object reflecting in water
      7) Sine effect with glow
      8) Two objects mirror in 3D
      9) Greetings..
     10) Sine effect with crossfadig texts
     11) Two objects mirror and morph in 3D
     12) Closing words in Bump Mapping

     Also, the 64Kb hold the music (originally a 68Kb S3M file) and the
     player. The (compo version) music player was written by The Counsellor
     and will probably be released soon to support other demo groups.

     Big thanks to Tuukka Paavola (Bloody/Spirit New Style) for
     helping us to release this intro.


                       þÞ Spirit New Style? Ýþ

     A demo group is a collection of people who share the need to create
     nice pieces of computer art together. Nicknames are used because
     of the demoscene's history, this is no sign of illegal actions.

     Spirit was a demogroup formed by The Counsellor with a lot
     of coders, but almost no graphicians and only a few musicians.

     Spirit was 5th at the Assembly '94 64Kb intro compo, with
     an intro called "Psychic Flight."  This intro was okay for that
     time, but it isn't up to the standards of 1996 intros.
     After having some bad experiences with demo competitions (like
     the Party 4), Spirit slowly began to fell apart.

     When the problems grew, Spirit lost it's core. That core formed
     a new group called "Spirit New Style."  The new group was for
     hard working members only.
     Only a few weeks after this new group was formed, the first success
     came in a 2nd place in the X'96 demo compo.

     The current Spirit New Style group members are:

      The Counsellor    °      Hugo Habets       Û   The Netherlands
      Magic Boy         ±      Xander Koninkx    ²   The Netherlands
      Bloody            ²      Tuukka Paavola    ±   Finland
      Manar             Û      Mathijs de Jonge  °   The Netherlands

     More graphicians and musicians are welcome. Please note that we
     only accept new members who are extreemly active and who also
     are willing to work on commercial game projects (contacting
     information below).


                 þÞ The Spirit New Style Fanclub :-) Ýþ

     We want to know who's watching our intros/demos! If you like this
     intro or other Spirit New Style products, please give us a
     small (e-)mail saying something like "Hi! I'm ... and I like your
     64kb intro 'Water' / your 4Kb intro / whatever we did. :)"
     Please don't write any big messages, we already are low on
     e-mail reading time. This way we know who likes our intro
     and where our intro is viewed. We might send an anouncement
     e-mails to the 'fanclub' when we release something new.
     Contacting info below.


         þÞ What else did Spirit New Style release at Asm'96? Ýþ

 þ1þ  A 4Kb intro called "Pure Spirit" by Hugo Habets.
      This intro was coded in 100% Assembler for the 4Kb compo.
      Effects like Bump Mapping and lots of 3D stuff in only 4096 bytes.

 þ2þ  A few weeks before Asm'96, we released an invitation demo for the
      Bizarre '96 party (VESA 640x480x256).
              Code: Magic Boy             Music: The Rew
          Graphics: 1Voud / Magic Boy     Text: Dr. Badvibes
         3D engine: The Counsellor

      Visit our homepage for info about where to download the products
      and more. The URL is at the bottom of this text.

                       Check it Out!


                            þÞ Greetings Ýþ
                           (in random order)

  þ Groups:  Logic Design, Success, Nooon, Halcyon, Complex, Psychic Link,
             Acme, Fascination, Jeskola, Legend Design, Realtech, Hornet,
             Rage PC, Noice, Void, Maroon, Surellix, Nostalgia, Dust,
             Melon, Scoopex, Contrast, Xtacy, Orange, Razor 1911, Triton,
             Bizarre Organizers, Assembly Organizers and the rest..
  þ Persons: Manar, The Rew, Rico, Trax, El Greco, Aap, Freshman, Balance,
             Rogue, Simm, Mitch, Harlequin, Trixter, Dr. Badvibes, Vic,
             Laserdance, 1Voud, Danny, Abyss .. hmm.. names..
             Tuukka, Ron, Rob, Geertje, Dries, Joris, Floris, Ruudjuuh,
             Rudy, Michel, Martijn, Marnix, Joop, alle Jannen, Maurits,
             John, Jeroen "sta ik er echt in" den Haan :), Barry, Rene,
             Arjen, Richard, Teun, Mark, Sander Konings.. and everybody else!


                  þÞ What are the future plans? Ýþ

     We're going to create games, demos, intros, all that..
     The agreement that lives in Spirit New Style is that Manar,
     Bloody and me will concentrate on games, while Magic Boy will
     concentrate on demos.

     Companies interested in our games can e-mail to the address listed
     below. We do have experience in creating games and we are very
     interested in continueing this work.


   Thanx for watching / downloading / uploading / voting for / debugging /
   ftp-ing / attaching / dcc-ing / uuencoding / laughing at / stopping /
   hacking / deleting / trusting / spreading / losing / hating / liking ..

                       úùø The "Water" 64Kb intro øùú


                    e-mail: hugo.habets@tip.nl (no files, text only please)
             Spirit NS WWW: http://www.tip.nl/users/hugo.habets
    Spirit NS Headquarters: Spirit New Style
                            Drieschstraat 2
                            6412 XX  Heerlen
                            The Netherlands
                            (will be valid until 1998!!)

    Visit the Spirit New Style homepage to get information, see screenshots
    and download our products. The homepage has a selectable language and
    other cool options (like fast/slow downloading for screenshots).
    The homepage will open shortly after the Assembly '96 party is over.
                      http://www.tip.nl/users/hugo.habets