.Ante Dominum

.less than 65536 bytes about God and the Universe

.Credits
   Martti "Preacher" Nurmikari - Programming
   Jukka "Grip" Älli           - Soundtrack
   Brett "Firelight" Paterson  - XM Player
   Fabian "ryg" Giesen         - Packer
   
.Information and random babble

 It seems strange to sit here, writing this infofile in the beginning of January.. but the intro
 is in releasable condition and writing infofiles is my favourite part of the production process,
 so why not? :) 
 
 I was originally only supposed to make a demo for BP, but then I was contacted by iq/rgba who was
 interested in getting something done by me for his ICM 2006 (International Congress of Mathematicians)
 workshop on realtime mathematics, so I hacked this thing together. Since his deadline and Breakpoint
 coincide nicely, why not release this here as well? It's not as "entertaining" as some prods I
 have made, but I think it contains some beautiful visuals. 
 
 The name is Latin for "before God". To quote Paul Dirac: "It seems to be one of the fundamental 
 features of nature that fundamental physical laws are described in terms of mathematical theory of 
 great beauty and power, needing quite a high standard of mathematics for one to understand it. 
 You may wonder: Why is nature constructed along these lines? One can only answer that our present 
 knowledge seems to show that it is so constructed. We simply have to accept it. One could perhaps 
 describe the situation by saying that God is a mathematician of a very high order, and He used very 
 advanced mathematics in constructing the universe. Our feeble attempts at mathematics enable us to 
 understand a bit of the universe, and as we proceed to develop higher and higher mathematics we 
 can hope to understand the universe better."
 
 Included (for the sake of making myself sound smarter than I really am) are:
 
 Platonic solids
  - Just a visualization of the five Platonic objects in classical mathematics.
    
 2d potential field
  - Also called a "plasma" in some circles ;) two functions are morphed, one is a distance field
    and one a combination of sine waves... ;)
    
 Newton-Raphson fractals
  - A polynomial function is iterated in the complex plane and the phase angle plotted in a grid.
  
 Lorentz attractor
  - The classical attractor system, arising from all sorts of physical phenomena, visualized.
  
 Rossler attractor
  - Arises at least from oscillation in chemical reactions.
  
 Diffusion limited aggregation
  - Simulation of diffusing particles, where the particles stick to each other or the edges of the
    cube holding the simulation when they meet. 
 
 Voronoi diagram
  - Divide the plane into sets through generator points calculating which point is the closest. Also
    known as cellular texture ;)
    
 Curves
  - Just a bunch of curves in three dimensions. Pick a bunch of points, for each point, give two
    angles, their derivatives and speed, then just iterate, plotting the trajectory. Nothing mathematical 
    in it, but it looks pretty.
 
 2D vector field
  - It may look like a tunnel, but it's not. It's just a bunch of particles moving in three different
    vector fields, varied over time.
  
 Breadth-first search
  - Tree patterns are generated using fibonacci numbers (first branch gets two children, the next three,
    then five..), which are then visualized per generation. Fibonacci numbers grow big fast, so only
    generations up to six are used. 
 
 IFS fractals
  - A set of transformations is defined for the two-dimensional plane. For each iteration, one is picked 
  randomly and the pixel plotted, which results the pixels to converge towards a set. The transformations 
  are varied over time, to animate the fractals. (any set of transformations will make a fractal, but
  because most of them look like shit, the original parameters which I tweaked are from Paul Bourkes site)
  
 3d vector field
  - Particles in three-dimensional vector fields. Pretty. 
  
 Left out, are, some stuff that you may or may not see in the future ;)
 
 
.Contact

 Preacher : syksyisin@gmail.com
 Grip     : grip@jippii.fi
 

 
.Finally

 Greetings and love to all of my friends, you know who you are.
