
        Bel wazo 64k intro.
        Released at Dreamhack'98 demoparty held in Sweden early November.

        Code written by Psychic Symphony
        Music tracked by DJamm
        Graphics pixeled by Iceball

        Supporting the Arf!Studios cause.
        Compo version only has GUS support.
        Other soundboards are supported using external mse files.

        Psychic Symphony is studying civil engineering at portugal and is
a member of Evolve and ActiveFuel. Supports The Utopians and Arf!Studios.
And is also editor of weekly demoscene newsletter entitled demojournal.

        Iceball is also studying civil engineering at Portugal altough is
not interested in beeing in any group.

        DJamm is working on webdesign in France. Composes music for many
years now and has teamed with Bomb, Nomad and ribbon in the past.

        Intro has been tested on a 486dx2 and worked with small unsyncing
problems. Pentium recommended for maximum enjoyment.
        A soundboard would also be nice since the whole code and graphics
are layed down thinking about the little tune. No sound is available althoug
not recommended.
        Works fine with windows95. Windows NT/98 gives problems because of
32bit hi-processor capabilities not been expected when turbo pascal compiler
was first created. Sometimes results in a divide by 0 error (202). I am
keeping an eye-out for new pascal 32-bit compilers.
        Press any key for the credits screen. Another press for exit.

        Get in touch by email:
        Psychic Symphony: ec97104@crazy.fe.up.pt
        Iceball:          iceball_@hotmail.com
        DJamm: 		  djamm@club-internet.fr	

        For demojournal e-mail: demojournal@hotmail.com

        For more information on Arf!Studios go to: www.altern.org/arfstd

        If you can get irc up and running find us at ircNet channels:
        Psychic Symphony: #pixel #coders #arfstd #demofr #trax
        Iceball: #emu
        DJamm: #demofr #coders #trax

        Psychic Symphony's '5-liner' greets:
        Nephoo . Shock . Idiotboy . Sulphurik . Programmed . #pixel . Slyde
        Shodan . Adok . Distance . Screamager . Cremax . Scorpik . Thorsten 
        Mindwalker . Salami . Codewiz . Euphoria . Wain . Szum . Cyg . Radi
        Kombat . Melwyn . Mov . Cyberfish . Rod . Virne . Frame . Magnesium
        Fear . Steffo . Dake . Altern . Chris . Leonel . Bitcoder . D-Viper

        For i-feel-like-writing-a-lot infofile please do read bel_wazo.txt
and enjoy around 200 lines of greetings. I couldn't bear myself to delete it.
