
  the global domination bbs ad, by brains don't bounce
  ----------------------------------------------------

this was actually done quite a long time ago.. close to 9 months, in fact..
i don't know why i never put it anywhere, but i didn't :)

one thing i discovered about this is that on a pentium-equipped notebook
(the only one i had access to..) it creates its own motion-blur type
effect, but that's due to the general weirdness of lcd screens.. :)

i apologise to anyone for whom this thing goes too fast to see
properly.. it was coded on a 486sx-20 (argh) and goes at a reasonable
speed for that.. unfortunately, i only got to see it on something decent
until well after i couldn't be bothered fixing it up, so .. tough luck,
but it's no real loss anyway, i'm sure it wouldn't have impressed you :)

there are many things about this group that may give the impression that
we're not entirely serious.. for a start, the name.. then, anything we
may or may not have released in the past, and then, the strange things i
write in here and on irc.. let me assure everyone that this impression
is an entirely true and accurate representation of our attitude, except
where consumption of alcohol is concerned :) (this said in anticipation
of being drunk the next 8 consecutive nights ;)

anyone who cares, watch for something a little more impressive, and
rather light hearted (i've always wanted to say that :) some time in the
next 3 months, and if not then, maybe later when we've figured out some
more of this coding stuff :)

i'm sure that by this point, no one is actually reading, and, my
intentions for this crap being fulfilled, "i will proceed to write out
the alphabet.  abcde fghijkl mnopq rstuvw xyz." (this is a quote from a
recent bit of homework (argh) by gyrshroud, another member of the brains
don't bounce alcohol absorption squad :)

i don't really have anyone to greet, being cut off from the world as i
am (black artist you lazy bastard, put the board back up somehow, or
we'll do it for you :)  other than that, hello to anyone who thinks they
know me :)

myopic fish of brains don't bounce..
14/10/96 (i think), about 11pm, (i should be asleep, i have two exams
tomorrow :).
     "making you look better"
"brains don't bounce - a couple of tiles short of a successful re-entry"
