
    M“, Citadel of fIles,

     Once upon a time.... Zarkof, the master, asked all the fIles
    merchants to go to a prosperous place to trade files! So, All
    people of the whole world who wanted to become rich and power
    full went to this place! A lot of people went there and there
    were more people than Zarkof thought there would be! So he c-
    hoosed two co-masters to help him in coordinating this place!
    These two people were called Deathtracker and Evil Spirit!
     With the help of those co-masters,Zarkof built a big citadel
    named "M“"! It was meant to defend the place against enemy.
    When the message temple named Internet saw that M“ was getti-
    ng bigger and more powerfull, they decided to go there and s-
    ettle down the world message database! The citadel was offer-
    ing protection against enemies and invaders, and there were
    so many people that you could easily start a trading group!
     When other, more little and peacefull, groups of people saw
    that the Citadel of M“ was having so many people trading.... 
    they decided to settle their Headquarter their too! M“ was
    getting bigger and bigger, and zarkof decided to give a gift
    to the whole citadel! He asked a good drawer , Count Drakula
    , to make a great Ansi and offered it as sign of power and 
    peacefull! People were happy... Zarkof too!... 
     One time, an evil hacker tried to transform the citadel in-
    to a real nightmare! Zarkof asked some Elite warriors to help
    him defeating the evil! and together, they desintegrated the
    evil hacker with powerfull spells! Once again, the citadel 
    of M“ was the winner!! Always prosperous and powerfull !!
     Nowadays, many masters have built citadels to defend them 
    from the evil! There were even bigger than M“..... They made 
    huge Citedals, twice or three times bigger than M“!! The un-
    derground made fortress with NUPs and NUVs! People coordina-
    ted them together with nets! The trading was prosperous! But 
    of all the citadels and fortress existing now, 
    only M“ keeps the title of
                   
                   THE FIRST AND MOTHER CiTADEL!

                                                      , ZArkof


