KEY FACTS 

= Name of event:

"Computer festival Chaos Constructions'2006"
Short: CC'2006 or CC'06

= Date of event:

26-27 of August, 2006 (non-stop, including night between 26 and 27th of August)

= Partyplace:

Saint-Petersburg, main hall of exhibition complex "EURASIA" 
Kapitana Voronina st., 13, building N2. Subway station "Lesnaya"

= History:

Takes place in St-Petersburg since 1999 almost every year (5 times so far).

Continues tradition of St-Petersburg's festival ENLiGHT (1995-1997).

= What is going to happen:

- Competitions in various nominations, for all kinds of platformes (including PC, 8-bit computers, mobile devices, Flash, Java, .NET)

- Seminars

- Exhibition of old and strange computers and machinery

- Happenings and various events in following sections:

DEMO - Demo and Intro. Demoscene. Art of programming video effects.

MOBILE - Mobile devices and programming for them. Symbian. Java. PDAs, mobile phones, smartphones.

NETWORKS AND SECURITY - Internet, Fidonet. Administration of Windows and Unix networks. Security. Software protection. Web development

DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY - Digital cameras and photography. Postprocessing. Combination of photography, special effects and handdrawn graphics (Freestyle).

BLOGS - Blogs. Network journalism. Poetry and prose.

ELECTRONICS - Electronic and computer devices. Old, rare and strange computers. Pocket computers. Mobile phones. Home made devices. Modding.

MUSIC AND SOUND - Computer music and sound. Software. Trackers. MP3. Effects.

ANIMATION AND FILMS - Short films. Animation. Flash animation. Video editing and post processing.

GRAPHICS - Handdrawn. 3D rendering. Freestyle.

GAMES - Computer games and development.

HACK - Unusual use of computers

= Entry submission deadline 

For most competitions it is necessary to submit your entry 1 week before festival starts.

= Winners

Depending on competition, winners are selected as result of public voting at the festival or jury decision.

= Tickets

8-10 euro. Free entry for people with computer that has screen size not less than 8" (Desk, electricity and internet are provided).
Girls get in for free.

= Partners ( http://cc6.org.ru/index.php?uid=partneri )

I-FREE (main), Russian institute of the history of arts, Trinity, WebSecure Group, TEIA, Fubix, Microsoft, Deep Apple

= Official site

http://cc6.org.ru/index.php?uid=english

= E-Mail

info@cc6.org.ru


SEE YOU IN ST.PETERSBURG!
