    컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   


                      컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   
                               .oO Crashtest Oo.
                      컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   


      a 4k intro by J-P / Rebels for the Assembly'95 4k intro competition

    컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   
    common information about the intro:
        To run the intro you'll need less than 450kb of base memory,  normal
        VGA-card,  computer that  inhold 386+ pro.  and whole lot of luck...
        Once you get it running the show goes on for less than three minutes
        and you can't affect anything...     ...I guess. Crashtest does grab
        hold of the  keyboard making sure annoying people do not  attempt to
        interfere the show,and it uses timer to do the timings but it leaves
        for example  all GUS IRQs unharmed so you  will be able to play some
        nice  tunes on your GUS(?)  on the background  with some player that
        does not play music using timer;  mdp by fc won't do but for example
        inertia  player does the job,  assuming you still  have enough  base
        memory free,if not then all you see is the hidden part also known as
        the big black.... =]  Just to mention, ESC exits intro at all times.
        Oh, btw:  the bugs are no bugs;  they are just  illusions created by
        total laziness  combined  with  eight bit  resolution z-buffer  #:-)

    컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   
    common greetings from J-P (with common brainorder):
        Panic, Diffusion, Future Crew, Silents,Complex, Electromotive force,
        Byterapers, Phobia Design,  Orange, Wartec, Extend, Escape, Camelot,
        Jaakko Lehtinen, Pekka Pankka, Ilkka Koho, Vasu...
                                              ... +++ the forgotten ones...?

    컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   
    common (_LEGAL_)slow-swapping & friendship:

                                                          J-P
                                                       Riihitie 2
                                                     06450  PORVOO
                                                        FINLAND
                                                         EUROPE

    컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   
                 Find Fond Fand Fend -- This is the note end !
    컴 컴 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 컴 컴   
