
               ÜÜ                                        ÜÜ 
              ÛÛÛ                                       ÛÛ 
   ÞÛÛÛÛÛ     ÛÛÛ                                     ÜÛÛ 
    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ    ÛÝ          ÛÛ                   ÞÛÛ   Ûß 
    ÛÛÛßÛÛÛ               ÞÛÛ        ®jCl¯      ÛÛ 
    ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ              ÞÛÛ     Ü            ÛÛÛ         ÜÜ     ÜÜ  Ü 
    ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÝÜÛ ÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛ  ÜÛÛÛÛÝ   ÛÛÜÛÛÛ 
    ÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÝ ÞÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛÛ ÞÛÛßÛÛÛ  ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÝ ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ
    ÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÝ  ÛÛ     ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛÝ   ÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛ ÞÛÛÝ ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ ÛÛÝ
    ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛÜ   ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ ÞÛÛ    ÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÝ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÝ ÞÛÛ 
    ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ    ÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÛ ÞÛÛ    ÞÛÛ   ÛÛÝ ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÛ ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÝ
   ÞÛÛÛÜÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛÝ    ÞÛÛ  ÞÛÛ   ÛÛÝ ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÝ    ÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛ  ÛÛÜ  ÛÛÝ ÛÛÛ  ÛÛ 
   ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ   ÞÛÛ  ÞÛÜÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛ   ÛÛÛÜÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛ    ÞÛÛ   ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÜÜÛÛÛ  ÛÛÜ  ÛÛ 
  ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛ    ÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÞÛÛ     ÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛ   ÞÛÛÛÛÛÝ  ÛÛ   ÛÛ 
  ßßßßß      ßß    ÛÛÛß   ßßß     ÛÛÛÛ    ßß     ßßß   ßß     ßÛÛÛÝ   ÛÛ   ÛÛ 
                                                                               
                              a little 64Kb intro
  ® Release Version ¯
                                   ÚÄÄÄÒÄÄÄ¿
                          ú ù -ÄÄÍÍµ B º Y ÆÍÍÄ-- ù ú
                                   ÀÄÄÄÐÄÄÄÙ

 ú ù ---ÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÂ¿ Û Þ ÝßÜ ÛÜß ÝßÜ ÝßÛ Ý Ý Ý ÝßÜ ÚÂÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄ---- ù ú
 ú ù ---ÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÁÙ ÛÜÜ Û Û Û Û Û Û ÛÜÜ ÛÜÛÜÛ Û Û ÀÁÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄ---- ù ú


                          ú U ú N ú K ú N ú O ú W ú N ú
                                   PRODUCTIONS
                                       NTM 
                                (Not a TradeMark)


        Yeeeeaaaahhh... Unknown strikes back with another production... This
  time is a short intro for the Euskal V. A complete waste of bytes for your
  sole enjoy!

        In order to see this intro, you need:

                - 386 or better
                - A VGA card
                - about 610Kb of free base RAM (I think)
                - MS-DOS
                - A PC with a keyboard and a monitor
                - Some fingers, in order to type DISTORT at the DOS prompt!

        In order to enjoy it, you should have:

                - A Pentium-133 or better CPU
                - A FAST VGA card (any S3 or Cirrus Logic will do)
                - about 610Kb of free base RAM :)
                - A soundcard (preferably a Gravis UltraSound =)

        NOTE: Some P166 processors seem to run this intro slow as hell,
              we don't have one of these and don't know why's that, but
              on any P133 should run at the correct speed.

        My programming machine (the only one I've tested it in) is:

                - Pentium 133Mhz
                - S3 Trio64 V+ 2Mb VRAM
                - 32Mb EDO Ram
                - 256Kb cache
                - 2Gb HD
                - SoundBlaster 16
                - CD-Rom 8x
                - QEMM 8.0 (629Kb free base-RAM)

        You can use QEMM, HIMEM or whatever... I haven't tested it under
  Windooze '95, but I think it will work (of course, don't try to run it
  in a Window!!!!). It can not work because of the Midas Sound System,
  but the demo in itself should work perfectly.

        First of all, the legal stuff:

        This product is distributed as public domain. That means, you can
  (and should) copy it, spread it and show it, as long as no money is charged
  for it. You can distribute it in CDs as long as no extra money is charged
  for containing this intro, also you must send us a copy of the CD you are
  going to put this intro in (just send it to me, I'll show it to the other
  members, no need to send us a copy per member).
        Neither me (Jcl) nor Unknown assume any responsibility for any damage
  that can arise from the use (or misuse) of this software (should be no
  risk at all, may I add, but.. who knows!).

        The files that should be included in this package are:

        DISTORT.EXE -> 57.613 bytes
        DISTORT.TXT -> (I don't know, but this doesn't have a virus :)
        FILE_ID.DIZ ->  1.217 bytes

        Any other files are BBSads or some text information that shouldn't
  hurt your computer (but you should read'em). If the size of the DISTORT.EXE
  file is different that the specified above, someone has been playing with
  it, and it may contain a virus.

        This stuff is quite boring, but it has to be put.

        Well, the fact is that this intro is slow on anything under a Pentium
  133... (actually I have only tested in on a P133, so I'm not sure :)
        I haven't included a timer for it, as my timer library is too big,
  and I didn't want to cut it out, so, I don't know how it will work in a
  computer different than a P133. I hope you'll have one like mine.
        Anyway, I own a SoundBlaster (GUS soon!), and that slows the computer
  like hell. Well, with the music playing at 44Khz, 16bit stereo, in my
  computer, everything runs full framerate. The effects that take longer
  are the wireframe donut and the rotozoomers (bcoz of the FULL 320x200
  mode used). I think (I hope!) that, with a GUS and a 486DX4-100 (?) it will
  run full framerate, but I don't know for sure, as I haven't been able to
  compare between my computer and other "high-level" computers. I can tell
  you NOT to run this in a 486DX-33 (like my old computer), because it will
  run DAMN slow.

        The reason for this high requirements are not the ones usually put
  in some TXTs of several demos (very complex calculations or things like
  that)... The main reason is because I (the coder) am totally lazy, and,
  as I don't have a slow computer, I don't optimize my code... Anyway,
  nowadays, everybody has a Pentium at home, so, I really don't care :)
        In fact, the effects are very simple, but I just don't mind if it
  runs slow in other's computer... (yeah! I'm a bastard... I know :)
        
        Now for some creditz:

        - Code
                Jcl

        - Graphics
                Jcl

        - Music
                Anonymous

        - Player
                Alfred & Guru / Sahara Surfers (Midas)

        - That dude who is always complaining about the intro
                Macl/Unknown :)

        Yeahh! The music is stolen from other guy who didn't sign the song,
  so I used it... Our musician can't handle those chips songs :), and I'm too
  lazy to make one, so... well, you know. Anyhow, a BIG SORRY, and THANX to
  the guy who wrote that song... If it is you, or you know who did the song
  and know his address (snail or e-mail), write to us and we immediately
  will send our apologizes to him. Btw. the music is called "CyberWorks", so
  if you know who made this, let me know, ok?
        I added the music a pair of patterns to make it longer, and I also
  added one that stay quiet in the first pattern for some obscure reason
  that I won't tell you here :)

        Well, this intro is really a mixture of some (.C extension) effects
  I had programmed in my computer... I mixed them in the way I could, I added
  some five-minutes-graphics, a font I already had in my graphics directory,
  and a stolen music... So this intro is not really a state-of-the-art piece,
  but I think is nice to see.

        90% of the code is of my own, I ripped the code for the shadebob
  zoomer from the "Live" intro by Sahara Surfers, but I modified it a little,
  in order to optimize it and make it more modifiable (also, I made it for
  real-mode, as the "Live" intro was programmed in Watcom C (PM), and this
  one is coded in Borland C 3.1 (RM)); I also made the code more stable, bcoz
  if I changed anything in S2 code (ofcoz, knowing what I was doing), it
  hung up my machine, so I took S2 code and rewrote it almost entirely so
  I could made my own effects (like the four bobs travelling arround the
  zoomer) :). I haven't touched the ASM code too much; just a pair of things
  I needed to change for my effects.

        I haven't cutted out the MIDAS library, in order to support the
  SoundBlaster. I'm going to buy a GUS soon, so there would be no need for
  me to use the SoundBlaster, but I have suffered what watching a demo
  without sound is, so I won't make the same to you... (plz. feedback me
  for this :). There are LOTS of people out there that just can't buy a GUS
  or simply don't want to trash the SoundBlaster... ok, that people is mostly
  out of the demoscene, but, if they don't hear any music in a demo, they
  will NEVER like demos, and the demoscene will fall down and die way fast!
        So, demosceners out there... Support the SoundBlaster! :)

        Well, the effects this demo features are, in order:

    þ Overlapped Sinus Circles (or the heck you want to call this :)
        Really simple effect, but hard to figure out... Is just a trick...
        The distortions later are again quite simple.
        Btw. The logo gets from the bottom to the top, but you surely don't
        see it because the screen is fading while doing this :(

    þ TV Noise
        ...must I explain you how to do this?

    þ WireFrame 3D donut over the noise :)
        Yeeeeah!!! Donuts rulezzz! but, again, the same as in all demos
        (the noise 'blurring' is very easy).
        NOTE: This routine is SLOW, because is an old one of mine, and
              it uses floating (not fixed) point math. Also, the line
              routine for going over the noise is coded 90% in C, so,
              if you have less than a P133 don't complain! :)
              I think any environmental filling routine in ASM is faster
              than this simple wireframe routine in C 8-O, but I didn't
              want to use complex shadings... I WANTED to make it wireframe
              (you know... vectorz sucks!). The donut has just 392 faces,
              but that's enough to make it slow down like hell with floating
              point (except for Pentiums, that have optmized floating point
              a lot and the difference is minimal).
              Btw. The donut is not calculated at runtime... It was made
              in 3DStudio :)

    þ 2D Tunnel with fractal
        The same as in every demo... Nothing really interesting :(
        Well, I have never seen it with a texture other than the fractal
        plasma or a bitmap (never a Julia), so, it might be a new effect :-?

    þ Rotations, zoomings and skewings of a fractal (a.k.a. RotoZoomer)
        Again, the same old effect seen in LOTS of demos (for those who
        haven't realized, the first part of this effect is NOT a fractal
        zoomer, but a bitmap zoomer :)

    þ ShadeBob Zoomer
        Another too-much-seen effect. Just 32 randomly placed bobs zooming.

    þ ShadeBob Zoomer... part 2
        ...again, again, again... :) This time is a controlled movement of
        only four bobs.

    þ Psychodelic ShadeBob RotoZoomer
        Well... Quite a simple effect, but again, hard to figure out (I've
        seen it in a lot of demos, but I haven't seen any source codes for
        this effect, so I had to figure out how it was done... I don't think
        people will make it like me, but I don't care anyway, as the effect
        looks nice(?) :)
        I think this is the most advanced effect this intro features, and is
        not too advanced, so...
        Well, as an interesting thing, I will tell that, after adding this
        effect, the executable only grew up less than 500 bytes :) (If
        I remember well, it grew up exactly 418 bytes).

    þ The End
        This is a really new effect... A demo that ends up without hanging!!!

        No nice 3D shadings, no complex maths, no complex vectorz, no hidden
  parts, no nothing!!! The old-style type of demos strikes back! (but without
  that huge amount of texts old demos put :).
        As you can see... thiz is a really simple intro X-DDD

        The intro is coded in Borland C 3.1, with LOTS of inline 386 assembler
  using TASM 4.0. About 80% of the code is ASM, while the rest is C. The
  graphics were drawn in Corel Xara! and Animator Pro. The music was edited
  with ScreamTracker 3.2 (I don't know where the music was done), and I used
  Midas 0.40a for replaying.

        Well, I have worked in this demo for about one month, but, in fact,
  counting the FULL time I have worked in this demo, that would do about no
  more than ten hours or so... but... ten hours and this shit? Yeah!, I was
  just testing the reduced Midas version with the first effect in the intro,
  and I had some problems in real mode... Later, as I saw that the executable
  didn't get too big in C (lots of inline assembler, ofcoz!), I added a pair
  of effects, removed pre-saved calculations (I calculate them at the
  beggining of the intro), made sum fast graphics and this intro is the
  result. The effects I made NEW (I mean I didn't had them before) during
  the developing of this demo were the overlapped-sinus-circles in the
  beggining and the psychodelic shadebob zoomer at the end.

        The real size for the executable is 57Kb, but, for some obscure
  reason, I had to include the math coprocessor emulation in some versions,
  so it might be up to 64Kb in your version... Yeah! you know, floating
  point maths rulezzz! No fixed point here (as I've told you, I had the
  effects too long ago, and I didn't changed them to support fixed
  point... the result of lazyness :) If you haven't a coprocessor and your
  version is the 57Kb one, ask me for the coprocessor emulation one. The only
  one effect that uses fixed point (bcoz else it would have been TOO slow...
  and I don't know how to handle floating point in assembler :), is the
  bitmap rotozoomer.

        This is a one-man-project, as you could see in the credits, so,
  to make it a REAL one man project, I will try to do a song for the intro
  for a non-compo version (I really don't know how to make chip tunes... my
  tunes are usually 100 to 400Kb).

          I have some space free to fit the intro in 64Kb, so I think I will
  add a graphic (for the compo version too), but I will have to draw it,
  and I am in a total lazyness... I feel my fingers getting down while
  writing this text... my mouth starts to booze... my eyes starts to close...
  will it be the lazyness??? Oooops... 5:00 AM... time to going to sleep :)

        Well, before going to sleep, I'll write you down here my address(es)
  of contact, so you can contact me :)

        via e-mail:
                macl@mx3.redestb.es (Macl)
                unknown@lobocom.es  (Jcl)

        Unknown on the Web:
                http://www.redestb.es/personal/macl/index.html
                http://lobocom.es/unknown/index.html

        via Snail-mail:

                Javier Campos Laencina [Jcl/Unknown]
                Miguel Angel Campos Laencina [Macl/Unknown]
                c/Bolos, 1, 3-A
                30005, Murcia
                Spain

        via telephone (only if U speak Spanish!):

                +34-68-298639  (out of Spain)
                (968) 29-86-39 (inside Spain)

                        ask for Javi (preferably in the mornings)


        May some greetings go to everybody that will attend the Euskal 5,
  CU there!!!
        Also to the kewl people I met at the Euskal 4, last summer... hope
  to see you again next summer! (and I hope this time our demo will become
  higher than 9th :) NO! I'm not one of those result-fanatic guyz, I just
  do it for fun!, so... don't vote for us X-DDD)
        Ok! Here comes a list (so you won't hit me when we meet again :)

        - Iguana (Thanx for the optimizing 'night-lessons', Jcab!)
        - TLOTB (Hi, Cranky... how'd ya going with the Z80s? X-DD)
        - Requiem (BladeRunner is in your group now, isn't he?)
        - Crystal Shade (I LOVE your music style, Smash!)
        - Centolos Amiga (Is BladeRunner also in your group????)
        - Difteria (Hi Sepia!)
        - Nova Productions (hi Sergio! PETAS are kewwwwl! thanx for da song!)
        - Monster (how'd ya going Awesome? PETAS rulezzz! :)
        - Ozone Amiga (specially Mat... you're crazy, dude! X-D)
        - Capsule Amiga (Still amazing me with your muzak, Evelred!)
        - Iv n & Paco (I don't remember your group name, guys!)
        - Blizzard (at least, one guy in Blizzard I don't remember his name :)
        - Spanish Lords (Thanks for your help, Mitra!)

        And the rest I can't remember now (it's too late, and I'm sleepy :(

        PLEASE! Forgive me for not answering the e-mails, but I have had some
  problems with it. I promise I will answer everybody when I solve these
  problems.

        I want to greet all Amiga dudes I met at the party. The Amiga scene
  is really nice... now I will NEVER say that the Amiga is a bad computer! :)

        Weeeeell, nothing else...

        Remember to take a look at the files that I will add when I release
  this crap, having the latest info about Unknown and the diskmag (UNKNFO.EXE,
  I suppose).

        Now, nothing else... catch ya later!

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜ

 Signed...
                                                              Javier Campos
 Spain, 28-6-96, 5:07 AM                                 a.k.a. Jcl/Unknown

