 ึฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤท
 บ                                                                           บ
 บ    ๚-ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ  The Darkness Unknown Force Information File   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚   บ
 บ                                                                           บ
 บ                              Version 1.0                                  บ
 บ                             << 95-12-29 >>                                บ
 บ                                                                           บ
 บ ฤอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออฤ บ
 บ                                                                           บ
 บ This file contains information about the Darkness Unknown Force, our      บ
 บ productions and many other things (possibly). It also includes Frequently บ
 บ Asked Questions (FAQs), information about ourselves and our contacts.     บ
 บ                                                                           บ
 บ The information shown here should be constantly  updated. You should      บ
 บ always get the latest version from our World Headquarters, or from the    บ
 บ Internet (see below).                                                     บ
 ำฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฝ


    ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
    บ ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ  Contents  ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ บ
    ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


       0. Introduction
          0.1  Opening words
          0.2  What's new

       1. The Darkness Unknown Force
          1.1  Our productions
          1.2  The members
          1.3  Brief history of the group
          1.4  About the members
          1.5  The future of the group

       2. Important Information
          2.1  Frequently Asked Questions
          2.2  How to contact DUF


 ษอออหอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
 บ 0 บ ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ  Introduction  ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ บ
 ศอออสอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


 ๚-ฤฤ-- 0.1 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ Opening words ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  Welcome to our infofile! We hope you like the group, the information and our
  productions.
  Please feel free to ask whatever you want about us. That way, you'll be
  contributing to the FAQ section of this file. By the way, do not e-mail us
  rude or worthless stuff, because you'll just end up wasting our time...
  and yours! Enjoy the file!

 ๚-ฤฤ-- 0.2 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ What's new ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  Since this is the first version of our infofile, all of this is new...
  But let's talk intros: along with this file, there is another called
  BTINTRO.EXE. That's the intro for our WHQ, Black Town BBS. It has been
  optimized for size, so if you check it out, you'll see that it doesn't even
  reach 4Kb! Only 3.415 bytes! And that's the philosophy of an intro: it has
  to be TINY. After all the stuff (some of it very good) we've seen, we
  decided to stick to one objective, and that is to make it small. You may be
  asking how we have shrunk so much text on less than 4Kb. It was coded in
  100% Assembly language. For those who don't know what that means, let's
  just say that it's machine language therefore it is very tight, but also
  very prone to hangs and crashes (not ours, though) and extremely faster
  than any high-level language such as Pascal or C. Well, just enjoy it and
  read the scroller, OK?


 ษอออหอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
 บ 1 บ ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ  The Darkness Unkown Force  ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ บ
 ศอออสอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


 ๚-ฤฤ-- 1.1 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ Our productions ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚
  
  ฺฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤยฤฤฤฤฤฤยฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤยฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฟ
  ณ Filename     ณ Size ณ Release date ณ Description                        ณ
  รฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤลฤฤฤฤฤฤลฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤลฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤด
  ณ DUFBTINT.ZIP ณ 7 Kb ณ 95 - 12 - 29 ณ A small BBS intro for our WHQ      ณ
  ภฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤมฤฤฤฤฤฤมฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤมฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤู


 ๚-ฤฤ-- 1.2 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ The members ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  ฺออออออออออออออออัอออออออออออออออัอออออัออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออฟ
  ณ Alias          ณ Real name     ณ Age ณ Main function                    ณ
  รออออออออออออออออลอออออออออออออออลอออออลออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออด
  ณ Brain Power    ณ Paulo Cadavez ณ 16  ณ Coder, organizer                 ณ
  ณ Cool Man       ณ Hugo Ferreira ณ 15  ณ Coder, optimizer ;)              ณ
  ณ DJ Mind        ณ Sergio Silva  ณ 20  ณ Musician, ANSI maker             ณ
  ณ Black Thunder  ณ Julio Silva   ณ 15  ณ DUF WHQ SysOp, on-line biz!      ณ
  ภออออออออออออออออมอออออออออออออออมอออออมออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออู

 ๚-ฤฤ-- 1.3 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ Brief history of the group ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  This is a rather new group. The original idea started as a joke between
  Brain Power and DJ Mind. They met in a board and started talking frequently
  about techno music, which they are both fond lovers of. The DJ had been
  composing tracks for a long time, and they started swapping material. Brain
  Power thought it was awesome, and they went on and on exchanging stuff
  for 2 or 3 months, until they decided to meet themselves live. So, Brain
  thought it'd be cool to have a demogroup, something he had been wishing for
  a long time ago. Mind agreed, and plans started growing. BP and Mind had
  heard of a coder around these parts (Cool Man) and BP decided to contact him
  on the phone. They exchanged ideas and plans, and CM also liked the idea of
  creating a group. Plus, he had a friend, a SysOp friend (Black Thunder) who
  he had met a long time before. Then, after Cool Man and Brain Power met live,
  the day after we decided to gather to get to know ourselves better. And so,
  the Darkness Unknown Force was founded on the 22nd of October 1995, starting
  off with 4 members (check out the memberlist): 2 coders, 1 musician and
  1 SysOp. His board is Black Town BBS, and hopefully the best demo-oriented
  BBS around! Don't stand there, give it a call!! (After you finish reading...)

 ๚-ฤฤ-- 1.4 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ About the members ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  We are all quite young, but very experienced at our tasks. Brain Power and
  Cool Man are coders almost since they were born (well... almost), the DJ has
  been composing for almost 3 years, and Black Thunder has been on the BBS
  scene for many, many years. Therefore, you might expect us to be competent
  at what we do, none of us is lame. You see, we LIKE to do things right.

 ๚-ฤฤ-- 1.5 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ The future of the group ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  We hope to release a demo (yes, a demo!! Maybe the first quality Portuguese
  production, who knows?) around March or so. Some routines are already made,
  but a lot of stuff is still pretty disorganised, mainly because of the group
  being so young. But it will be worth the wait! No release date is specified
  yet, but we'll keep you informed...


 ษอออหอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
 บ 2 บ ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ  Other Important Information  ฐฑฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฒฑฐ บ
 ศอออสอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


 ๚-ฤฤ-- 2.1 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ Frequently Asked Questions ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  Send us your questions and we'll see what we can do...


 ๚-ฤฤ-- 2.2 -ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ How to contact us ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ--๚

  Here are the possible ways of contacting us:

   Our World Headquarters:
     Black Town BBS  ๚ +351 2 3790398
    
   Internet e-mail:
     Brain Power     ๚ pcadavez@mail.telepac.pt
     Cool Man        ๚ hugojf@mail.telepac.pt
     DJ Mind         ๚ ssilva@mithlond.esoterica.pt
     Black Thunder   ๚ zejulio@individual.puug.pt

   Fidonet:
     Black Thunder   ๚ 2:363/15.0
     DJ Mind         ๚ 2:363/15.2
     Cool Man        ๚ 2:363/15.3
     Brain Power     ๚ 2:363/15.4    

   Our World Wide Web site:
     http://individual.puug.pt/~zejulio/btbbs.htm
         
   Snail-mail:
     Darkness Unknown Force - Black Town BBS
     Julio Silva (Black Thunder)
     R. Camelias, 67 2ง
     4430 V.N.Gaia
     Portugal

 ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ-
    We hope to see you again,

    Signed: Darkness Unknown Force
