
   лллллл  ллллллл  лллллл  ллллллл  лл    л  л     л  ллллллллл  лллллллл
   л       л     л  л       л     л  л л   л  л     л      л      л
   л       л     л  л       л     л  л  л  л  л     л      л      лллллллл
   л       л     л  л       л     л  л   л л  л     л      л             л
   лллллл  ллллллл  лллллл  ллллллл  л    лл  ллллллл      л      лллллллл


                    ў The Coconuts BBS Intro text file ў

                        ( 5 0 8 )  2 3 4 - 2 0 7 5

Welcome to the text file for the first ever Coconuts BBS intro.  The
Coconuts BBS is a sub-board of the Nuclear Meltdown BBS.  What this means
is that you must call Nuclear Meltdown BBS and then you can run the
Coconuts BBS through NM.

ў Why in the world is it setup that way?

Well, we figured that settling for only one board per phone line was a
waste (and I wanted my own board but I have no extra phone lines) so we
decided to setup another WWIV board as a door program from the Nuclear
Meltdown BBS.  With a small C program (thanks Joe Snow) and some minor
batch file programming The Coconuts BBS was ready to rock.  All this
happened about the beginning of June '95 (not long ago, huh?).

ў Why did you make an intro for your board?

Well, Joe Snow has been making intros and various other programs for a few
years now and he's been getting calls from all over the USA and even from
around the world so I figured I'd give it a shot.

ў How did you get all those fantastic graphical and musical effects in such
  a small program?!?

<g>  Well, hey, it's not all THAT big...I've seen many worse.  It does have
music and some small effects.  Look for something a bit more impressive in
the next Coconuts BBS Intro.

Quick Info
ФФФФФФФФФФ
This intro is almost all in C with a dash of ASM for kicks.
It requires a 286 (never tested though) but a 486 is highly recommended.  =)
It also requires a VGA/MCGA graphics card.  An Adlib-compatible sound
card is recommended to hear the tunes.
I know it's kinda big for a BBS ad but I'm not very good at optimizing
and I don't feel like it anyways.

Credits:
Design, beginning code and some finishing code:    Clueless
A LOT of optimization and fine tuning:             Joe Snow

Well, it's hot and I'm sick of writing this text file...  =)
Go run the Coconuts BBS Intro again and then call today!!!

                        ( 5 0 8 )  2 3 4 - 2 0 7 5

Remember to tell all your friends about the Coconuts BBS and I'll see
you there.

Questions?  -->  clueless@wpi.wpi.edu

                                    
                                        - Clueless '95                                        
