
Kfrinal.com
-----------

The final version of kfrns256.com with some fixes about winfreeze, sync, etc
well almost...

I was in a haste to release this final version.. just tested a lot of things,
tried various ideas, rebooted hundred of times, did some random voodoo things
and here it is! I even repaired the winfreeze/CLI problem doing a nasty thing
Sti:Cli:Run main loop,sti:cli again, so for just few milliseconds,interrupts
were set again, and windows gained control a bit.. but just only a bit to not
fuck with my synchro. Although once in a time you will see a flicker. Once in a time it happens that an interrupt runs in the tiny time beetween Sti and Cli I guess. Still,. the old version is better, if you run it from DosBox or pure Dos...

Silly thing. Also, I put Vsync again. No one scroll loop until it's synced,
no scroll in win2k. But! Still win2k may have a problem,. Now it will bounce!
Or as I guess, it will flicker a lot and run at 35fps :P

Sorry... I don't know about Win2k. It needs to take control of system,. I
don't have the knowledge to fix it there too. Someone else could do it 4 now

Anyways...

Cu

Optimus


P.S. I want do fucking hardware stuff again! Ugh! Hmm,.. except if I do an
advanced version of this intro, as I was thinking it, with horizontal
translucent rasters too, better sine movements all over the screen, fixed, 
synced even in win2k, more stuff on the screen and fitted in 256bytes. When I
gain more knowledge on asm and size optimizing, I may recode an advanced
version of this as I was thinking it originally. Kefrila! :)

P.P.S There is also Kfrns257.com, a bit better version from Kfrns256.com, 
again only for pure Dos or max Dos Box, this one has vsync, and uses the memory
after the CS to store data and not some random segments as I wrongly(?) did..
Someone told me it didn't ran even in it's pure Dos6.22, I guess it crashed or
something, my precs wrote above the code.. I don't know if it's this but I just
wanted to be sure. Kfrinal.com also uses CS to store precs, and has vsync,. the
only diferrence, it runs from pure windows too without freezing..
