	Kefrens256, a 256byte intro
	by Optimus/Dirty Minds/Nasty Bugs
	Compiled with NASM
	---------------------------------
       
	This is my second intro on X86 asm
Not what I was thinking of it, I could normally rewrite some things
gain much more bytes and fix the sine movements to better ones and
more, to make it looking better, but I am a very newbie and I had to
stop now and submit my entry, cause my uni exams start in few days
and I have to get rid of it and start working for my lessons :P

	INFO: 2 Kefren bars with translucency each other and a nice color raster background
	KEYS: Escape to quit

	WARNING: Don't run under pure windows (Freeze! CLI must be the reason)
	Run only through DOS box or pure DOS..
	And prefer pure DOS for that, cause perhaps the sync still fuxx up..

       
	Mail me at: mkargas@hotmail.com
	Find me at: http://users.auth.gr/mkargas
 
	Goodies to stare at:
	http://users.auth.gr/mkargas/grscene
	http://cpc-demoscene.paraknowya.com
	http://cfemales.paraknowya.com


	   Cu

	      Optimus

P.S. Few Greets: 
	
= First to people that helped me to finish this intro:
  - Baze: Big thanx for the sine generator and all the other explanations :)
  - emc/Deus: Hi! I got the infos about the ports to do all these hardware tricks from your tutorial in Overflow diskmag!
	
= Other people:
  - shr: Hiya! This is one of my first attempts in tiny intro coding, I know it's very newbie, but I hope you will like it a bit :) I only hope that you find your motivation to be more active in the scene again..
  - Bad Sector: How are you my friend? Sorry to haven't contacted you through email. I hope I will find time to do something with Nasty Bugs too...
  - To all the other people of the greek demoscene out there anyways!
  - www.256b.com and all X86 asm democoders! I am newbie, I am just starting, it is a pain in the ass,.. but it's fun! =)
  - If I start I will never end. I am bored to write any more greetings... it's over. Some inactivity for 1+ month.. Tomorrow I open my books of modern Algebra again, hehe! :)
