
                        M O B I L I Z A T I O N   
                          
                            by Jani Honkanen

      This 4kb intro came 3rd in the Assembly '96 4kb intro competition

Hardware requirements:
- 386 with 387 or 486DX+ (NOT 486sx)
- 100% VGA compatible video card
- about 500kb of free base memory

You can contact me via e-mail at:
jani.honkanen@solutions.fi

If that doesn't work, you can contact me at the MBnet BBS by the name Jani
Honkanen. This is a lot slower way though, because I don't visit that BBS
very often.

NOTE! If you are interested in DEVELOPING A 3D GAME OF HIGH QUALITY
      with me (and a couple of other guys), read the paragraph below (after
      the copyright license)
      


                        COPYRIGHT LICENSE
                        
                        
  This material is not freeware. You are allowed to copy it without 
  restrictions for non-commercial use.
  
  No payment of any kind may be charged for this product or any combination
  of products or services including this product without my authorization
  and official written license.
  
  Commercial use, especially the industrial manufacturing on any data
  storage media and their distribution without the expressed permission of
  the producer, is strictly prohibited.
  
  This program or the data files contained therein may not be altered or
  modified without the permission of the author.
  
  You take full responsibility for the operation of this software and any
  consequences thereof. I the creator can not accept liability for damages
  or failures arising from the use of this software.  
                        
                      
                      
                      MY CURRENT GAME PROJECT

  I am currently developing a high-quality 3d game, which I temporarily call
the "Strike". I have been in it for over a year now and it is progressing
slowly but securily. The trouble is that it is progressing a bit TOO slowly
and I need a couple of more people to assist. I'm on solo right now and I
thought that a group of say 2 coders and 1 graphician or 3 coders and 2
graphicians would be adequate.
  The current status of the game is as follows: the game operating system is
about complete (the best game operating system that I've ever heard of), a
few dozen intermediate-quality textures have been drawn, a few music tunes
(of which only one or two are of usable quality) have been composed, a half-
completed superior 3d graphics engine, a 3d map/object editor and lots of
small things have been done.
  The reason why the graphics or musics aren't of too high quality is that
I'm a coder - not an artist. This is obviously another reason for the need
of a graphician. As I mentioned, the 3d engine is superior. That's because
I don't use traditional painter's algorithms, z-buffers or BSPs, but instead
I invented a completely new way of representing space volumes. That easily
enables full moving vehicles and at least the 3 even more revolutionary
features that I have discovered so far. Additionally, my techique is in a
typical case faster than BSP. We will discuss about those 3 features and
other aspects of the game when you are closer to joining the group.
  If you think that you are a good coder or a good graphics artist, you may
contact me at the e-mail address mentioned above (jani.honkanen@solutions.fi).
One requirement for joining is that you live in Finland and you should have
an e-mail address or at least you should get one, if you join. If you aren't
sure of whether your skills are adequate or not, it doesn't hurt contacting
me and finding it out. If you are a coder, you should be familiar with
assembly language programming and should be able to code 3d-things. A
graphics artist should be good in drawing textures and designing 3d-objects.
  For coders I would like to say that don't be afraid of getting only the
dirty jobs. I know how it feels to be hesitating whether to join a group or
not scared by the fact that you might end up coding the most boring pieces
of the game. I want to fix that problem and there are still some goodies
left in this game, for example the whole artificial intelligence. We will
share the rest of the coding so that all the coders will get quite equal
amounts of interesting and boring parts of the code. Of course it will be
notified if you have a different understanding on what's boring and what
isn't.
  The graphics artists' work is mostly drawing textures, backgrounds and
designing 3d objects. You don't have to be the best artist in the Finland
to have a good chance of being able to join. Actually, the game graphics
artists are a bit rare and I'm happy if I manage to get a single good artist
into the group.
  After all, you shouldn't be afraid of contacting me if you have some
intention of joining. You won't lose anything by trying, but you can gain
a lot by succeeding. This game will really rock, as you will realize when
we start discussing about the game features. All I need is some more
developers to finish it with me.
  If you decide to contact me, just send me e-mail and tell me, whether you
are a coder or an artist and that you wish to consider joining. You may
start telling me about yourself and send me some of your productions or you
can leave the questions for me to ask. If you haven't made any such product-
ions, you should try to find some other way to let me check out your skills.



