
                     The disclaimer / Licence / Copyright
                     ------------------------------------

        Hello, this software is FREEWARE. All copyrights to this software
        are exclusively owned by the author, BRAINLEZ CODERS!. All rights
        not expressly granted here, are reserved by Brainlez Coders!

        This software may be freely distributed, provided the distribution
        package is not modified. No person or company may charge a fee for
        the distribution of this production without written permission from
        the copyright holder. This means practically every CD-ROM/disk
        collections of software, too. If you want to include this software
        into your commercially distributed collection/whatever, contact the
        author first. (See the contacting chapter introduced in this file.)
        EXCEPTION: If you are making a demoscene collection and will sell
        it with low-prises (For example collections like ACE series) you
        are allowed to include this software on it, but please, try to send
        us a note if you're going to do that.

        This software is distributed "AS IS". No warranty of any kind is
        expressed or implied. YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK! The author will not
        be liable for data loss, damages, loss of profits or any other kind
        of loss while using or misusing this software. We test our softwares
        in several computers before public distribution to make the software
        more safe to use. Our softwares are also virus scanned, also with
        heuretics flag, to make them absolutely clean and harmless before
        public can reach them. Anyways, you must remember that we aren't
        trained professionals and we can't make sure the production works
        in the very same way in every system it is used. The author will
        not be liable for anything this software causes. This software
        may be very hardware sensible, so we can not guarentee that it will
        work properly on your configuration.

        ASSEMBLE ORGANIZING has full rights to include this piece of software
        into their collections/whatever. You know what I mean :)

        Using this software signifies acceptance of these terms and
        conditions of this file. If you do not agree with the terms of
        this file, you must remove the files of this software from your
        storage devices and cease to use the product.

         _
        (C) Copyright 1997 Brainlez Coders!



                        Contacting Brainlez Coders!
                        ---------------------------

        Internet E-Mail:        sliver@dystopia.fi
                                sliveri@freenet.hut.fi

        Internet WWW...:        http://www.dystopia.fi/~sliver

        IRC............:        #BC!

        Snailmail......:        Brainlez Coders!
                                <member name, if necessary>
                                c54a5
                                FIN 00190 Helsinki 19
                                Finland

        BBS............:        The Temple    / +3589653580   / 24h / v34
                                              / +35896223495  / 24h / v34
                                (msg to Heap, Sliver, Humanoid,
                                        whoever is a BC! member)

        Brainlez Coders! (1993-1997)

