First, let me say thanx for taking the time to download this zip and read
this file.  After working some time, Machine Head and I have fingered out
how to code SVGA loaders.  Because each and every svga card chipset works
differently, we had to write code to detect each type and then different
code to set the 640X480X256 mode and also code to write the pixels to the
screen for each type of card....so there was bound to be bugs.  We believe we
now have the bugs out and this is the first public release of our first SVGA
loader.  We currently support all 100% VESA SVGA, TSENG SVGA, PARADISE SVGA,
AND TRIDENT SVGA cards.  If you have one of these cards you should see the
loader, and we have tested it ourselves on these cards.  If you do not have
one of these cards, you should see a message telling you that it requires one
of these SVGA cards.  Or if the loader crashes, you might get nothing or a
black screen, and you might get out of it by hitting escape.  I believe this
should cover about 99% of all super VGA cards currently in use.  This will
allow our artists to greatly expand their talents and will better display
their high quality art.

Disadvantages - some lamers don't have SVGA cards.  Some early model VESA
(v. 1.0 or 1.1) cards might not work (get a free bios upgrade from the
manufacturer).  Large areas of the screen cannot be animated without retrace
hitting it, unlike mode X.  But remember, the purpose of SVGA is to display
high caliber art, not do cool coding tricks.

If you have problems with this file, please leave me feedback on Elusive, GOA
or Unlawful.  Please explain in detail exactly how your system reacted to the
loader and the name brand and chipset of your video card and how much memory
your video card has one it.  I have only tested it on three plain vanilla
VGA systems (a rarity nowadays) and it gave the appropriate message on
them.  Your input will help us may bring Elite art up to Elite standards.
If your SVGA card is not supported, let us know and we will try to fix that.
Expect more and better SVGAs from ACiD in the future.

GREETZ - Rad Man, Machine Head, Da Vinci, Shock Wave, The Toyman, Tazmaniac,
Sharp, all other ACiD members, iCE, Major Theft, VLA, and my friend Empedocles.

       Be seein ya!!  -= Rocket Scientist =-  <ACiD Productions>
