uncovering static : final 

a 64k intro presented at Assembly 2011 (where it placed 2nd in the combined _demo_ competition, like true elites)

by Fairlight & Alcatraz


code/visuals: smash / fairlight
synth: gopher / alcatraz
music: reed / fairlight
2d graphics: destop / cncd

http://directtovideo.wordpress.com

requires windows xp or later, directx9.0c (d3dx_43), a geforce 280 or better (or ati equivalent). 
geforce 580 or radeon 6950 recommended. 

native / recommended resolution: fullscreen 1280x720. 


this is the final version & "director's cut".

it should be stable and work in window & fullscreen on all suitable configs, nvidia and ati included. honest.
(but it might not. we kill drivers.)
3dvision stereoscopic 3d support for suitable nvidia stereo 3d systems is included thanks to gargaj. 
kkrunchy appears courtesy of ryg / farbrausch.


due to unfortunate circumstances the 64k intro competition at asm was sadly cancelled. 
instead of holding it back for another 64k compo in future - which, given the state of 64k releases in recent years, might
not happen either - we thought we would play with the big boys in the democompo..

the compo being cancelled was only one thing in a long string of bad luck during the last few days at assembly. crashes, 
problems and logistics were all against us. crashes that only occurred in exepacked assembler code; last-second fixes at the airport
gate. the universe was telling us very clearly it did not want us to release this, but our complete stubbornness made us do it 
anyway. :) special thanks to the asm compo organisers we dragged out of bed in the middle of the night to test on the compomachine.



this is completely realtime in every way. the only precalc is to compile the shaders. 
the synth is based on physical modelling; the rendering on distance field manipulation and polygonisation; the lighting on raycasted
ambient occlusion. the full scene is regenerated dynamically per frame.





