
Worm247, is small worm game, where your goal is to grow to max length,
and avoid collision with worm's tail. Game start with small intro
screen, which shows the previous score. You can exit the game by pressing
ESC. Pressing any other key starts the game. In game control keys are:

        LEFT CTRL       Turn left
        LEFT ALT        Turn right

After the game ends (you collide with tail) intro screen will show your
score. (My hiscore while writing this was 89). You can start new game
or return DOS. (or enjoy the intro-animation ;-)

Hints: 
    o   Only the 'nose' (head of the triangle) of the worm will count, 
        when/if you hit something. So you can save 'space' by moving
        near to old track.
    o   You can go over the screen (it will wrap), but doing so you will
        increase possibility of random death (which is the price for
        going over the screen borders). So, the best way to make big
        scores is to stay inside screen borders.
    o   Worm's color will indicate estimation of your current score.
    
Game features:
    o   Size of only 247 bytes
    o   256 color graphics
    o   Animated intro screen
    o   70 fps screen updates
    o   Smooth animation (ie. no flickering while playing)
    o   Works in 286+ with VGA
    o   In 247 bytes of code, there are:
            - Line drawing routine
            - Line rotating routine
            - Sin and cos tables
            - Pixel drawing routine
            - Collision detection
            - Intro screen and game screen
            - Keyboard handling
            - Int to ASCII conversion (score)
            - Worm's moves are calculated with fixed point arithmetic
            - Game graphics is synchronized with VGA refresh rate
            - "Score" - string :-)
Author: 
    name....... Marko Aalto
    email...... maaalto@cc.helsinki.fi
    IRC nic.... Maglob

    If you like the game e-mail me a 'postcard' :-)  Feel free to 
    comment. TASM source is available to everyone, just email me.
